src/content/docs/en/lists/zone-list.md, before:

---
title: "Adventure Zone List"
description: "Adventure Zones"
---

*Note*: All stats are conservative estimates. You can always try to defeat enemies with lower P/T

## Normal

| Zone                                                                                    | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                              | Manual Stats | Idle Stats                    |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------: | :---------------------------: |
| [Safe Zone: Awakening Site](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Safe_Zone:_Awakening_Site) | 4       |                                                                       |              |                               |
| [Tutorial Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Tutorial_Zone)                         | 4       | [Training Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Training_(set))       | 10/10        | 13/13                         |
| [Sewers](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Sewers)                                       | 7       | [Sewers Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Sewers_(set))           | 12/12        | 21/21                         |
| [Forest](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Forest)                                       | 17      | [Forest Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Forest_(set))           | 35/35        | 53/53                         |
| [Cave of Many Things](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Cave_of_Many_Things)             | 37      | [Cave Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Cave_(set))               | 150/150      | 200/200                       |
| [The Sky](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Sky)                                     | 48      |                                                                       | 600/400      | 750/650                       |
| [High Security Base](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/High_Security_Base)               | 58      | [HSB Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/HSB_(set))                 | 700/500      | 750/750                       |
| [Clock Dimension](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Clock_Dimension)                     | 66      | [Clock Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Clock_(set))             | 3250/2250    | 4500/3000                     |
| [The 2D Universe](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_2D_Universe)                     | 74      | [2D Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/2D_(set))                   | 4500/3500    | 8000/6000                     |
| [Ancient Battlefield](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Ancient_Battlefield)             | 82      | [Spoopy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Spoopy_(set))           | 12k/10k      | 17k/16k                       |
| [A Very Strange Place](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/A_Very_Strange_Place)           | 90      | [Gaudy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Gaudy_(set))             | 28k/18k      | 48k/38k                       |
| [Mega Lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Mega_Lands)                               | 100     | [Mega Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Mega_(set))               | 125k/60k     | 265k/145k                     |
| [The Beardverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Beardverse)                       | 108     | [Beardverse Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Beardverse_(set))   | 1.3M/550k    | 2.5M/1.8M                     |
| [Badly Drawn World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Badly_Drawn_World)                 | 116     | [Badly Drawn Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Badly_Drawn_(set)) | 18M/11M      | 45M/35M                       |
| [Boring-Ass Earth](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Boring-Ass_Earth)                   | 124     | [Stealth Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Stealth_(set))         | 180M/90M     | 360M/270M                     |
| [Chocolate World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_World)                     | 137     | [Choco Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Choco_(set))             | 70B/50B      | 150B/90B <br> (BM: 400B/170B) |

## Evil

| Zone                                                                                    | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                                                | Manual Stats  | Idle Stats    | Idle w/ BM     |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :-----------: | :------------: |
| [The Evilverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Evilverse)                         | 58      | [Edgy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Edgy_(set))                                 | 10e12/5e12    | 20e12/15e12   | 53e12/24e12    |
| [Pretty Pink Princess Land](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pretty_Pink_Princess_Land) | 100     | [Pretty Pink Princess Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pretty_Pink_Princess_(set)) | 54e12/24e12   | 130e12/80e12  | 270e12/130e12  |
| [Meta Land](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Meta_Land)                                 | 158     | [Meta Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Meta_(set))                                 | 26e15/12e15   | 45e15/31e15   | 115e15/55e15   |
| [Interdimensional Party](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Interdimensional_Party)       | 166     | [Party Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Party_(set))                               | 250e15/110e15 | 480e15/310e15 | 1.45e18/550e15 |
| [Typo Zonw](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Typo_Zonw)                                 | 174     | [Typo Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Typo_(set))                                 | 150e18/68e18  | 270e18/240e18 | 880e18/400e18  |
| [The Fad-lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Fad-lands)                         | 182     | [Fad Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Fad_(set))                                   | 700e18/400e18 | 1.6e21/1.1e21 | 4e21/2e21      |
| [JRPGVille](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/JRPGVille)                                 | 190     | [JRPG Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/JRPG_(set))                                 | 4e21/2e21     | 8e21/6e21     | 20e21/14e21    |
| [The Rad-Lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Rad-Lands)                         | 200     | [Rad Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Rad_(set))                                   | 3.2e24/1.4e24 | 9.1e24/5.6e24 | 24e24/12e24    |

Stats are expressed in Engineering notation for Evil/Sad, some relevant conversions:
- 1 Trillion = 1e12
- 1 Quadrillion = 1e15
- 1 Quintillion = 1e18
- 1 Sextillion = 1e21
- 1 Septillion = 1e24
- 1 Octillion = 1e27
- 1 Nonillion = 1e30
- 1 Decillion = 1e33

## Sadistic

| Zone                                                                           | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                                    | Manual Stats   | Idle Stats    | Idle w/ BM    |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------: | :-----------: | :-----------: |
| [Back To School](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Back_To_School)              | 125     | [Back To School Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Back_To_School_(set)) | 500e24/250e24  | 1.6e27/940e24 | 4.4e27/1.4e27 |
| [The West World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_West_World)              | 150     | [Western Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Western_(set))               | 2.65e27/830e24 | 8e27/3.5e27   | 19e27/9e27    |
| [The Breadverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Breadverse)              | 208     | [Bread Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Bread_(set))                   | 140e27/24e27   | 430e27/240e27 | 1.2e30/270e27 |
| [That 70’s Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/That_70%27s_Zone)            | 216     | [Disco Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Disco_(set))                   | 510e27/75e27   | 1.5e30/650e27 | 4e30/1e30     |
| [The Halloweenies](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Halloweenies)          | 224     | [Halloweenie Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Halloweenie_(set))       | 1.5e30/400e27  | 3.4e30/2.6e30 | 13e30/2e30    |
| [Construction Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Construction_Zone)        | 232     | [Construction Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Construction_(set))     | 52e30/20e30    | 285e30/75e30  | 625e30/90e30  |
| [DUCK DUCK ZONE](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/DUCK_DUCK_ZONE)              | 240     | [Duck Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Duck_(set))                     | 128e30/32e30   | 670e30/180e30 | 1.2e33/220e30 |
| [The Nether Regions](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Nether_Regions)      | 248     | [Dutch Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Dutch_(set))                   | 315e30/84e30   | 1.7e33/440e30 | 2.9e33/500e30 |
| [The Aethereal Sea](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Aethereal_Sea_Part_1) | 269     | [Pirate Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pirate_(set))                 | 17e33/6e33     | 47e33/34e33   | 122e33/54e33  |

Commit message:

add dcnairb charts for sad zone idle stats

src/content/docs/en/lists/zone-list.md, after:

---
title: "Adventure Zone List"
description: "Adventure Zones"
---

*Note*: All stats are conservative estimates. You can always try to defeat enemies with lower P/T

## Normal

| Zone                                                                                    | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                              | Manual Stats | Idle Stats                    |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------: | :---------------------------: |
| [Safe Zone: Awakening Site](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Safe_Zone:_Awakening_Site) | 4       |                                                                       |              |                               |
| [Tutorial Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Tutorial_Zone)                         | 4       | [Training Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Training_(set))       | 10/10        | 13/13                         |
| [Sewers](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Sewers)                                       | 7       | [Sewers Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Sewers_(set))           | 12/12        | 21/21                         |
| [Forest](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Forest)                                       | 17      | [Forest Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Forest_(set))           | 35/35        | 53/53                         |
| [Cave of Many Things](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Cave_of_Many_Things)             | 37      | [Cave Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Cave_(set))               | 150/150      | 200/200                       |
| [The Sky](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Sky)                                     | 48      |                                                                       | 600/400      | 750/650                       |
| [High Security Base](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/High_Security_Base)               | 58      | [HSB Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/HSB_(set))                 | 700/500      | 750/750                       |
| [Clock Dimension](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Clock_Dimension)                     | 66      | [Clock Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Clock_(set))             | 3250/2250    | 4500/3000                     |
| [The 2D Universe](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_2D_Universe)                     | 74      | [2D Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/2D_(set))                   | 4500/3500    | 8000/6000                     |
| [Ancient Battlefield](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Ancient_Battlefield)             | 82      | [Spoopy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Spoopy_(set))           | 12k/10k      | 17k/16k                       |
| [A Very Strange Place](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/A_Very_Strange_Place)           | 90      | [Gaudy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Gaudy_(set))             | 28k/18k      | 48k/38k                       |
| [Mega Lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Mega_Lands)                               | 100     | [Mega Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Mega_(set))               | 125k/60k     | 265k/145k                     |
| [The Beardverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Beardverse)                       | 108     | [Beardverse Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Beardverse_(set))   | 1.3M/550k    | 2.5M/1.8M                     |
| [Badly Drawn World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Badly_Drawn_World)                 | 116     | [Badly Drawn Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Badly_Drawn_(set)) | 18M/11M      | 45M/35M                       |
| [Boring-Ass Earth](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Boring-Ass_Earth)                   | 124     | [Stealth Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Stealth_(set))         | 180M/90M     | 360M/270M                     |
| [Chocolate World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Chocolate_World)                     | 137     | [Choco Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Choco_(set))             | 70B/50B      | 150B/90B <br> (BM: 400B/170B) |

## Evil

| Zone                                                                                    | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                                                | Manual Stats  | Idle Stats    | Idle w/ BM     |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------: | :-----------: | :------------: |
| [The Evilverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Evilverse)                         | 58      | [Edgy Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Edgy_(set))                                 | 10e12/5e12    | 20e12/15e12   | 53e12/24e12    |
| [Pretty Pink Princess Land](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pretty_Pink_Princess_Land) | 100     | [Pretty Pink Princess Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pretty_Pink_Princess_(set)) | 54e12/24e12   | 130e12/80e12  | 270e12/130e12  |
| [Meta Land](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Meta_Land)                                 | 158     | [Meta Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Meta_(set))                                 | 26e15/12e15   | 45e15/31e15   | 115e15/55e15   |
| [Interdimensional Party](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Interdimensional_Party)       | 166     | [Party Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Party_(set))                               | 250e15/110e15 | 480e15/310e15 | 1.45e18/550e15 |
| [Typo Zonw](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Typo_Zonw)                                 | 174     | [Typo Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Typo_(set))                                 | 150e18/68e18  | 270e18/240e18 | 880e18/400e18  |
| [The Fad-lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Fad-lands)                         | 182     | [Fad Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Fad_(set))                                   | 700e18/400e18 | 1.6e21/1.1e21 | 4e21/2e21      |
| [JRPGVille](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/JRPGVille)                                 | 190     | [JRPG Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/JRPG_(set))                                 | 4e21/2e21     | 8e21/6e21     | 20e21/14e21    |
| [The Rad-Lands](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Rad-Lands)                         | 200     | [Rad Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Rad_(set))                                   | 3.2e24/1.4e24 | 9.1e24/5.6e24 | 24e24/12e24    |

Stats are expressed in Engineering notation for Evil/Sad, some relevant conversions:
- 1 Trillion = 1e12
- 1 Quadrillion = 1e15
- 1 Quintillion = 1e18
- 1 Sextillion = 1e21
- 1 Septillion = 1e24
- 1 Octillion = 1e27
- 1 Nonillion = 1e30
- 1 Decillion = 1e33

## Sadistic

| Zone                                                                           | Boss \# | Gear Set                                                                    | Manual Stats   | Idle Stats      | Idle w/ BM      |
| :----------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------: | :-------------: | :-------------: |
| [Back To School](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Back_To_School)              | 125     | [Back To School Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Back_To_School_(set)) | 500e24/250e24  | 1.6e27/940e24   | 4.4e27/1.4e27   |
| [The West World](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_West_World)              | 150     | [Western Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Western_(set))               | 2.65e27/830e24 | 8e27/3.5e27     | 19e27/9e27      |
| [The Breadverse](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Breadverse)              | 208     | [Bread Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Bread_(set))                   | 140e27/24e27   | 430e27/240e27\* | 1.2e30/270e27\* |
| [That 70’s Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/That_70%27s_Zone)            | 216     | [Disco Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Disco_(set))                   | 510e27/75e27   | 1.5e30/650e27\* | 4e30/1e30\*     |
| [The Halloweenies](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Halloweenies)          | 224     | [Halloweenie Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Halloweenie_(set))       | 1.5e30/400e27  | 3.4e30/2.6e30\* | 13e30/2e30\*    |
| [Construction Zone](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Construction_Zone)        | 232     | [Construction Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Construction_(set))     | 52e30/20e30    | 285e30/75e30    | 625e30/90e30    |
| [DUCK DUCK ZONE](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/DUCK_DUCK_ZONE)              | 240     | [Duck Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Duck_(set))                     | 128e30/32e30   | 670e30/180e30   | 1.2e33/220e30   |
| [The Nether Regions](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Nether_Regions)      | 248     | [Dutch Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Dutch_(set))                   | 315e30/84e30   | 1.7e33/440e30   | 2.9e33/500e30   |
| [The Aethereal Sea](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/The_Aethereal_Sea_Part_1) | 269     | [Pirate Set](https://ngu-idle.fandom.com/wiki/Pirate_(set))                 | 17e33/6e33     | 47e33/34e33     | 122e33/54e33    |

\* See the following charts for better crowd-sourced estimates for Idle:

| Zone             | Idle w/o BM                                           | Idle w/ BM                                       |
| :--------------: | :---------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------: |
| The Breadverse   | ![Breadverse Idle No BM](/ngu-guide/breadNoBM.png)    | ![Breadverse Idle BM](/ngu-guide/breadBM.png)    |
| That 70's Zone   | ![70s Idle No BM](/ngu-guide/70sNoBM.png)             | ![70s Idle BM](/ngu-guide/70sBM.png)             |
| The Halloweenies | ![Halloweenies Idle No BM](/ngu-guide/weenieNoBM.png) | ![Halloweenies Idle BM](/ngu-guide/weenieBM.png) |
